Noah walked with Jehovah;
he was pleasing in God’s eyes.
He stuck close to his family;
they wanted to do what’s right.
They worked hard to build an ark
to save them from the Flood.
They listened to Jehovah,
and they preached to ev’ryone.
Noah was faithful to Jehovah,
And as the Flood got closer,
He preached until the end.
If I try to be like Noah,
Faithful to Jehovah,
I can be God’s friend.
When they went out preaching,
there were people who made fun.
But Noah kept his fam’ly safe
until the work was done.
Even though the world around them
was violent and bad,
They endured and they found joy;
they made Jehovah glad.
Noah was faithful to Jehovah,
And as the Flood got closer,
He preached until the end.
If I try to be like Noah,
Faithful to Jehovah,
I can be God’s friend.